1.NP-hard problem
  relationship with NP problem
  what is NP problem and P problem
  what is the relationship between P problem and Polynomial Time

2.Sparse Regression
  usually using Lasso(L1), Ridge(L2), Stepwise Regression(suprisingly) and Forward Selection, etc.
  Tell the difference between L1 and L2: They are deployed as a punishment to avoid the model become too complex and overfitting. 
    L1 = λ * Σ|θi|; L2 = λ * Σθi^2. L1 can reduce some θ to 0, which is useful to feature selection in high-dimension data. L2 reduce all the θ but not to 0 (Becuase the more close to 0, reduce the same value means less reduce the amount.--the shape of exponential function).
    L2 help the model's robustness when facing multicollinearity.

3.Genetic Algorithm 
  Simulating the biology genetic steps. Always choosing the most adaptable individuals and also introducing Mutation for diversity. Repeating the steps until max interate times and getting the results.

4.Get use of Eureqa software
  Not open source right now. Looking for resources.




5.Parse Tree： used to sovle NLP problem. help the machine understand syntax.

6.Algorithms steps: 
  Dimensional analysis, Polynominal fit, Brute force, train NN, check symmetry? check separable? Equate variables and reduce them, Transform X & y、、

  Dimensional analysis is used to separate the variables and the number itself, for example, you can put all the Dimensional in one equation and the other equation is purely numbers.

  Symmetry means that if you exchange the two variables' positions, the value of the euation will not change.

  This algorithm means to seperate the complex equations into easier ones.



7.Reverse Polish Notation，RPN
  eg. (2+4)*(5-1)
    when using RPN:
    24+5-1*
    Some principles: when numbers, directly out. when symbol, add into stack and compare the priority. The lower one wil be pop out. When ), pop all the items in the stack.

8.Avoid overfitting
  define the winning function to be the one with rms fitting error ϵ < ϵb that has the smallest total description length.
  DL≡log2N+λlog2[max(1,ϵ/ϵd)]
